SUMO-237234 - Tanzu application (#3786)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/containers-orchestration/vmware-tanzu-application-service.md

#### Using Sumo Logic Nozzle for VMware Tanzu

This section describes how to use Sumo Logic Nozzle for VMware Tanzu. After installation, the Sumo Logic Nozzle is available in the Apps Manager.

1. From the **system** drop-down menu, select **sumo-logic-nozzle-org**.
1. Under Apps, select the name of the build you want. For example, **sumo-logic-nozzle-0.1.0-build3**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/selectnozzle.png')} alt="Select Nozzle" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
1. Push the **Start** button to begin running the nozzle.<br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/selectplay.png')} alt="Select play" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="400" />
1. Cloud Foundry will provision the VMs and begin running the nozzle service.
1. Verify Sumo Logic Nozzle for VMware Tanzu tile is installed and started running the nozzle service by [running searches](/docs/search/search-cheat-sheets/general-search-examples/). If this is your first time using Sumo Logic, see [Getting Started with Search](/docs/search/get-started-with-search/).

> :::info
> You can also create [dashboards](/docs/dashboards/) and [alerts](/docs/alerts/).
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dashboards and alerts

Once the nozzle is set up, you can create [dashboards](/docs/dashboards/) and [alerts](/docs/alerts/) from the data.
```

> :::note
> - For detailed information about changelog, refer to the [Changelog](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-cloudfoundry-nozzle/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) file.
> - For support, contact [VMware Tanzu Feedback](mailto:pivotal-cf-feedback@pivotal.io) list or [Sumo Logic Support](https://support.sumologic.com/).
> :::
> 
> ## Troubleshooting
> 
> To troubleshoot the Sumo Logic Nozzle integration with VMware Tanzu:
> 1. Log in to **Apps Manager**.
> 1. Navigate to **Home** > **ORG** `<sumo-logic-nozzle-org>` > **SPACE** `<sumo-logic-nozzle-space>`.
> 2. Click on **Name**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/Troubleshooting.png')} alt="Troubleshooting" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
> 3. The app page appears. Click **Logs**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/TroubleshootingApp.png')} alt="Troubleshooting app" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
> 4. On the **Logs** page it will show you logs related to the Sumo Logic Nozzle integration. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/TroubleshootingLogs.png')} alt="Troubleshooting logs" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting

To troubleshoot the Sumo Logic Nozzle integration with VMware Tanzu:
1. Log in to **Apps Manager**.
1. Navigate to **Home** > **ORG** `<sumo-logic-nozzle-org>` > **SPACE** `<sumo-logic-nozzle-space>`.
2. Click on **Name**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/Troubleshooting.png')} alt="Troubleshooting" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
3. The app page appears. Click **Logs**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/TroubleshootingApp.png')} alt="Troubleshooting app" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
4. On the **Logs** page it will show you logs related to the Sumo Logic Nozzle integration. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/TroubleshootingLogs.png')} alt="Troubleshooting logs" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

## More information

- For detailed version information, refer to the [changelog](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-cloudfoundry-nozzle/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) file.
- For support, contact [VMware Tanzu Feedback](mailto:pivotal-cf-feedback@pivotal.io) list or [Sumo Logic Support](https://support.sumologic.com).
```

Reviewer: I didn't change the Troubleshooting section; just moved the two bullets above that to the end under a "more information" section.

The nozzle filters out messages per your tile configuration and securely sends those logs and metrics to an HTTP API in the Sumo Logic SaaS service. The tile allows you to configure batching intervals, toggle verbose logging mode, and add metadata to your logs and metrics.

The only configuration you need to do on the Sumo Logic platform is to enable the HTTP API (an HTTP Source) and record the URL. After you deploy the tile, you are able to query the logs and metrics and monitor the log stream using Live Tail.

The Sumo Logic nozzle is written in Go and is based on the [firehose-to-syslog](https://github.com/cloudfoundry-community/firehose-to-syslog) nozzle.

Key features of Sumo Logic Nozzle for VMware Tanzu include:

* View dashboards to monitor the overall health and security of your VMware Tanzu resources.
* Drill down from alerts to see key performance metrics and audit logs for VMware Tanzu and your custom apps.
* Store VMware Tanzu audit details in a fully secure SOC 2, HIPAA, and PCI-compliant environment.

## Prerequisites

Before you install the Sumo Logic Nozzle for VMware Tanzu tile, you'll need Administrative access to your VMware Tanzu deployment.

> ### Product snapshot

Reviewer 2: We can remove this product snapshot section and instead add a note

To know about compatible Tanzu Application Service versions refer the latest [release](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-cloudfoundry-nozzle/releases).

> ### Product snapshot
> 
> The following table provides version and version-support information about Sumo Logic Nozzle for VMware Tanzu.
> 
> |Element | Details |
> |:---|:---|
> |Version | v1.0.5 |
> |Release date | March 08, 2024 |
> |Compatible Ops Manager version(s) | v3.0.x, v2.9.x, v2.8.x or v2.7.x |
> |Compatible Tanzu Application Service version(s)| v2.7.x, v2.8.x, and v2.9.x |
> |BOSH stemcell version | Ubuntu Xenial v621.x or v170.x, Ubuntu Jammy v1.x |
> | IaaS support | AWS, GCP, OpenStack, and vSphere |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
To learn about compatible Tanzu Application Service versions, refer to the [latest release](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-cloudfoundry-nozzle/releases).
:::
```

|Compatible Ops Manager version(s) | v3.0.x, v2.9.x, v2.8.x or v2.7.x |
|Compatible Tanzu Application Service version(s)| v2.7.x, v2.8.x, and v2.9.x |
|BOSH stemcell version | Ubuntu Xenial v621.x or v170.x, Ubuntu Jammy v1.x |
| IaaS support | AWS, GCP, OpenStack, and vSphere |

## Installing and configuring Sumo Logic Nozzle for VMware Tanzu

This topic describes how to install and configure Sumo Logic Nozzle for VMware Tanzu.

> ## Install and configure the tile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install and configure the tile
```
